So when we're talking about sexual misconduct compared to other bad behaviors,
it really comes down to who does it affect? Ah, sexual misconduct
not only can affect the individual that z conducting it and the
person who's being abused by it, but it really undermines all the
people in that workspace. And sometimes it could even affect, um, their
performance and what they're gonna doing. Sometimes other bad behaviors,
whether it's a D. U I or an alcohol related incidents on Lee
effects an individual where you have aspects of sexual assaults and
sexual indicators really can be something that could be spread about,
spread around an entire division or department toe, undermine that
leadership.